How do I cancel my housing? 

You must submit a cancellation form or send an email to housing@fgcu.edu. If your cancellation is approved, you will be subjected to cancellation fees as per the Terms and Conditions. If your cancellation request is not approved, you will remain obligated to the Housing Agreement and financially responsible for the entire length of the Housing Agreement. Please read the Terms and Conditions prior to requesting a cancellation.

Can my financial aid be applied to my housing?

Yes.  However, if a balance remains after financial aid is dispersed, you are responsible for the balance.

Which room type is covered by the Florida Prepaid Dormitory Plan? 

If you have the Florida Prepaid Dormitory Plan, you can expect it to cover a double bedroom, as determined by the rules and regulations set forth for the Florida Prepaid plan.  At FGCU, that means the plan will cover the rental costs of a 2 bedroom double-occupancy unit in North Lake Village.  You are welcome to choose another room type, however you will responsible for paying the difference in rental rates each semester.

When is my housing payment due?
  
If you pay for your housing fees in full, the payment for Fall semester is due by 8/1 and the Spring semester is due by 1/1.

Is it possible to pay for my housing in installments? 

Yes, you may pay in 4 equal installments.  Fall and Spring rental fees are posted to Gulfline in July and December respectively. Rental fees are broken into 4 installments. Fall installments are due 8/1, 9/1, 10/1 and 11/1. Spring installments are due 1/1, 2/1, 3/1 and 4/1. Students have the option of paying in full or in accordance with the installment due date schedule. Please note, each late installment payment is subject to a $25.00 late fee. Furthermore, a $100.00 late fee will be assessed to all students whose rental fees are not paid in full by the final installment due date.

How do I make my payments?

You may pay in person with cash, check or credit card at the Cashier’s Office located on the main campus; with a check at the Commons in North Lake Village; or by credit card via your Gulfline account. View complete instructions.