How are assignments made?

Each Spring Semester students who currently live on campus are given the opportunity to renew their housing contracts and select the room they will live in for the fall and spring. Due to the high demand for on-campus housing, it may be necessary to limit the number of spaces allocated to returning students.  Assignments for returning students are made based on the original application date for housing.  After returning students have selected their rooms, assignments will begin for new residents.  Housing assignments are made according to a combination of factors including: availability, date of application, roommate requests, building/room preferences and Living Learning Communities.  The Office of Housing & Residence Life makes every attempt to honor requests.  Please keep in mind that it is not always possible to satisfy all of these requests.  If demand is high, we often can not honor all requests.

When will I receive my room assignment?

Assignments are sent to your postal mail and email address the last week of May. 

When can I find out who my roommate is?

Your roommate’s names are included in your assignment letter along with their email address. You can also view this information in our online housing portal at http://housingportal.fgcu.edu/. 

How do I request someone to be my roommate? 

Roommate requests must be submitted by both or all individuals in writing (either on the housing application, by email to Housing@fgcu.edu or by updating your application in the online portal at http://housingportal.fgcu.edu/).  Only mutual roommate requests are considered at the time of assignment. The Office of Housing & Residence Life makes every attempt to honor roommate requests.  Please keep in mind that demand is high and we often cannot honor all requests.

What if I need special accommodations?

Some of the residence halls have been equipped to better meet the needs of students with disabilities. Please contact Adaptive Services at 239-590-7956 or e-mail Cori Bright, Director of Adaptive Services at adaptive@fgcu.edu. That office will conduct an assessment and forward their recommendation regarding your needs to the Office of Housing and Residence Life. You should also indicate on your housing application what your needs are regarding housing.