May I decorate my room?

See the Community Guidebook

Do I need curtains?

No, not necessarily; every window in the apartment has mini-blinds. However, some students put up decorative curtains or sheers on light-weight curtain rods.

What kind of computer do I need?

See Resnet Web page

What type of computer connection is there in my room?

There is a high-speed internet connection in each bedroom.

May I have a pet?

Fish are the only pets permitted in the residence halls. For health reasons, other animals such as mammals, birds, insects, reptiles, arachnids, crustaceans, and amphibians are prohibited. If other pets are found in an apartment, a fine will be assessed to the owner of the pet for cleaning cost. Immediate removal of the pet will be required and possible disciplinary action may occur.

Who will clean my room?

Although custodial workers are employed by the Office of Housing & Residence Life to keep all public areas and public community bathrooms clean, you are expected to clean your own room, bathroom, and common areas in the apartment.

Do I have to get a meal plan?
At FGCU, you are not required to purchase a student meal plan, but may do so if you wish. For information on meal plans http://www.dineoncampus.com/fgcu/

May I store my belongings in my room during the summer months? 

No. Because the residence halls are used for summer school, camps, conferences, and under renovations during the summer months, students are not allowed to store any belongings or property on campus during the summer.

Do I need to purchase insurance?

The University is not liable for damage to or loss of personal property as a result of fire, theft or any other cause whatsoever, or failure or interruption of utilities. The University is insured under the State of Florida's self-insurance trust fund that only provides liability for damages or injuries caused by negligence on the part of the University or its employees while working within the scope of their employment. The trust fund will not reimburse for losses created by unforeseen accidents/injuries that may occur. Students are encouraged to secure their own health and personal property loss insurance.
If you decide to purchase renter’s insurance, you should obtain quotes from several insurance agencies. The price will often depend upon where you live, the size or number of units in your building, your credit history, the amount of deductible, and how much coverage you want. Companies that offer auto or other insurance polices will often offer a small discount for multiple policies (e.g. auto and renter’s insurance). Below are resources to help you begin your search: 
Student Personal Property Insurance
Reviews.com Homeowners and Renters Insurance